Add troubleshooting guide to README.md (#34)
chipmk/docker-mac-net-connect: README.md

This app tries to minimize opportunity for privilege escalation by following the principle of least privilege (PoLP). With that said, macOS has no concept of fine-grained admin privileges (ie. capabilities), so running as `sudo` is required.

## Troubleshooting

- If things stop working after upgrading Docker, you may need to do a clean uninstall / reinstall of Docker Desktop. See here for uninstall instructions: [Uninstall Docker](https://docs.docker.com/desktop/uninstall/)
- For general troubleshooting, try running the command directly rather than as a service: (From e.g. /opt/homebrew/Cellar/docker-mac-net-connect/v{*.*}/bin/):
```
sudo brew services stop chipmk/tap/docker-mac-net-connect
sudo docker-mac-net-connect
```

> This will show any debug messages that may be being generated.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This will show any debug messages that may indicate what is causing your issue.
```

> 
> ## Troubleshooting
> 
> - If things stop working after upgrading Docker, you may need to do a clean uninstall / reinstall of Docker Desktop. See here for uninstall instructions: [Uninstall Docker](https://docs.docker.com/desktop/uninstall/)
> - For general troubleshooting, try running the command directly rather than as a service: (From e.g. /opt/homebrew/Cellar/docker-mac-net-connect/v{*.*}/bin/):
> ```
> sudo brew services stop chipmk/tap/docker-mac-net-connect
> sudo docker-mac-net-connect
> ```
> This will show any debug messages that may be being generated.
> 
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Troubleshooting

- If things stop working after upgrading Docker, you may need to do a clean uninstall / reinstall of Docker Desktop. See here for uninstall instructions: [Uninstall Docker](https://docs.docker.com/desktop/uninstall/)
- For general troubleshooting, try running the command directly rather than as a service: (From e.g. /opt/homebrew/Cellar/docker-mac-net-connect/v{*.*}/bin/):
```
sudo brew services stop chipmk/tap/docker-mac-net-connect
sudo docker-mac-net-connect
```
This will show any debug messages that may indicate what is causing your issue.

```
